# InlineResponse2001

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Issuer** | **string** | The authorization server&#x27;s issuer identifier, which is\\n a URL that uses the \\\&quot;https\\\&quot; scheme and has no query or fragment\\n components.  This is the location where \\\&quot;.well-known\\\&quot; RFC 5785\\n [RFC5785] resources containing information about the authorization\\n server are published.  Using these well-known resources is\\n described in Section 3.  The issuer identifier is used to prevent\\n authorization server mix-up attacks, as described in \\\&quot;OAuth 2.0 Mix-Up Mitigation\\\&quot; | [default to null]
**AuthorizationEndpoint** | **string** | URL of the authorization server&#x27;s authorization endpoint. example: https://sample.com/oxauth/restv1/authorize token_endpoint: type: string description: URL of the authorization server&#x27;s token endpoint [RFC6749].  This is REQUIRED unless only the implicit grant type is used. example: https://sample.com/oxauth/restv1/token jwks_uri: type: string description: URL of the authorization server&#x27;s JWK Set [JWK] document.  The referenced document contains the signing key(s) the client uses to validate signatures from the authorization server. This URL MUST use the \&quot;https\&quot; scheme.  The JWK Set MAY also contain the server&#x27;s encryption key(s), which are used by clients to encrypt requests to the server.  When both signing and encryption keys are made available, a \&quot;use\&quot; (public key use) parameter value is REQUIRED for all keys in the referenced JWK Set to indicate each key&#x27;s intended usage. example: https://sample.com/oxauth/restv1/jwks registration_endpoint: type: string description: URL of the authorization server&#x27;s OAuth 2.0 Dynamic Client Registration endpoint [RFC7591] example: https://sample.com/oxauth/restv1/register response_types_supported: type: array items: type: string description: JSON array containing a list of the OAuth 2.0 \&quot;response_type\&quot; values that this authorization server supports. The array values used are the same as those used with the \&quot;response_types\&quot; parameter defined by \&quot;OAuth 2.0 Dynamic Client Registration Protocol\&quot; [RFC7591]. example: - code - id_token - token grant_types_supported: type: array items: type: string description: JSON array containing a list of the OAuth 2.0 grant type values that this authorization server supports.  The array values used are the same as those used with the \&quot;grant_types\&quot; parameter defined by \&quot;OAuth 2.0 Dynamic Client Registration Protocol\&quot; [RFC7591].  If omitted, the default value is \&quot;[\&quot;authorization_code\&quot;, \&quot;implicit\&quot;]\&quot;. example: - authorization_code - implicit - client_credentials token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported: type: array items: type: string description: JSON array containing a list of client authentication methods supported by this token endpoint.  Client authentication method values are used in the \&quot;token_endpoint_auth_method\&quot; parameter defined in Section 2 of [RFC7591].  If omitted, the default is \&quot;client_secret_basic\&quot; -- the HTTP Basic Authentication Scheme specified in Section 2.3.1 of OAuth 2.0 [RFC6749]. example: - client_secret_basic - client_secret_post - client_secret_jwt - private_key_jwt token_endpoint_auth_signing_alg_values_supported: type: array items: type: string description: JSON array containing a list of the JWS signing algorithms (\&quot;alg\&quot; values) supported by the token endpoint for the signature on the JWT [JWT] used to authenticate the client at the token endpoint for the \&quot;private_key_jwt\&quot; and \&quot;client_secret_jwt\&quot; authentication methods.  Servers SHOULD support \&quot;RS256\&quot;.  The value \&quot;none\&quot; MUST NOT be used. example: - HS256 - HS384 - HS512 - RS256 - RS384 - RS512 - ES256 - ES384 - ES512 service_documentation: type: string description: URL of a page containing human-readable information that developers might want or need to know when using the authorization server.  In particular, if the authorization server does not support Dynamic Client Registration, then information on how to register clients needs to be provided in this documentation. example: http://&lt;op_docs&gt; ui_locales_supported: type: array items: type: string description: Languages and scripts supported for the user interface, represented as a JSON array of BCP47 [RFC5646] language tag values. example: - en - es op_policy_uri: type: string description: URL that the authorization server provides to the person registering the client to read about the authorization server&#x27;s requirements on how the client can use the data provided by the authorization server.  The registration process SHOULD display this URL to the person registering the client if it is given.  As described in Section 5, despite the identifier \&quot;op_policy_uri\&quot;, appearing to be OpenID-specific, its usage in this specification is actually referring to a general OAuth 2.0 feature that is not specific to OpenID Connect. example: http://ox.sample.com/doku.php?id&#x3D;oxauth:policy op_tos_uri: type: string description: URL that the authorization server provides to the person registering the client to read about the authorization server&#x27;s terms of service.  The registration process SHOULD display this URL to the person registering the client if it is given.  As described in Section 5, despite the identifier \&quot;op_tos_uri\&quot;, appearing to be OpenID-specific, its usage in this specification is actually referring to a general OAuth 2.0 feature that is not specific to OpenID Connect. example: http://ox.sample.com/doku.php?id&#x3D;oxauth:tos introspection_endpoint: type: string description: URL of the authorization server&#x27;s OAuth 2.0 introspection endpoint [RFC7662]. example: https://sample.com/oxauth/restv1/rpt/status code_challenge_methods_supported: type: array items: type: string description: JSON array containing a list of PKCE [RFC7636] code challenge methods supported by this authorization server.  Code challenge method values are used in the \&quot;code_challenge_method\&quot; parameter defined in Section 4.3 of [RFC7636].  The valid code challenge method values are those registered in the IANA \&quot;PKCE Code Challenge Methods\&quot; registry [IANA.OAuth.Parameters] claims_interaction_endpoint: type: string description: Static endpoint URI at which the authorization server declares that it interacts with end-user requesting parties to gather claims. If the authorization server also provides a claims interaction endpoint URI as part of its redirect_user hint in a need_info response to a client on authorization failure (see Section 3.3.6), that value overrides this metadata value. Providing the static endpoint URI is useful for enabling interactive claims gathering prior to any pushed-claims flows taking place, so that, for example, it is possible to gather requesting party authorization interactively for collecting all other claims in a \&quot;silent\&quot; fashion. | [default to null]
**UmaProfilesSupported** | **[]string** | UMA profiles supported by this authorization server. The value is an array of string values, where each string value is a URI identifying an UMA profile | [optional] [default to null]
**PermissionEndpoint** | **string** | The endpoint URI at which the resource server requests permissions on the client&#x27;s behalf. | [optional] [default to null]
**ResourceRegistrationEndpoint** | **string** | The endpoint URI at which the resource server registers resources to put them under authorization manager protection. | [optional] [default to null]
**ScopeEndpoint** | **string** | The Scope endpoint URI. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

